README.md, before:

# Glipso

A basic Lisp written using Go to help me learn both Go and Lisp.

## Current Features

Glipso has *very few* features. So far it supports the following functions:

```
(= arg...)              return true if all arguments are equal, otherwise false
(+ arg...)              sum all arguments
(- arg...)              minus all arguments from the first argument
(apply func list)       apply list of items as arguments to func
(def var exp)           set a variable in the global environment
(if test exp1 exp2)     if test is 'true' evaluate exp1, otherwise evaluate exp2
(cons arg list?)        add arg to beginning of list. If list is not provided then creates a new list
(first list)            get first element in list
(tail list)             get tail of the list
(do exp...)             run the expressions in order
(range start end)       creates a lazily evaluated list from start to end (inclusive)
(fn [args] exp)         creates a function that accepts n arguments are an expression
```

## Types

Glipso internally supports the following types:
```
I   integer
B   boolean
P   pair/list
EXP expression
REF reference
VEC Vector
```

## Example Code
```
	(do
		(def add1 (fn [a] (+ 1 a)))
		(add1 5)
	)
```

## Building
```bash
#run all tests
go test ./...

#build
go build

#test, build & run all acceptance tests
./precommit.sh
```

## Running
```bash
./glipso examples/summing-range.glipso

#or

echo "(+ 1 2 3)" | ./glipso
```

Commit message:

Added Roadmap of ideas to work on to README

README.md, after:

# Glipso

A basic Lisp written using Go to help me learn both Go and Lisp.

## Current Features

Glipso has *very few* features. So far it supports the following functions:

```
(= arg...)              return true if all arguments are equal, otherwise false
(+ arg...)              sum all arguments
(- arg...)              minus all arguments from the first argument
(apply func list)       apply list of items as arguments to func
(def var exp)           set a variable in the global environment
(if test exp1 exp2)     if test is 'true' evaluate exp1, otherwise evaluate exp2
(cons arg list?)        add arg to beginning of list. If list is not provided then creates a new list
(first list)            get first element in list
(tail list)             get tail of the list
(do exp...)             run the expressions in order
(range start end)       creates a lazily evaluated list from start to end (inclusive)
(fn [args] exp)         creates a function that accepts n arguments are an expression
```

### Types

Glipso internally supports the following types:
```
I   integer
B   boolean
P   pair/list
EXP expression
REF reference
VEC Vector
```

### Example Code
```
	(do
		(def add1 (fn [a] (+ 1 a)))
		(add1 5)
	)
```

### Building
```bash
#run all tests
go test ./...

#build
go build

#test, build & run all acceptance tests
./precommit.sh
```

### Running
```bash
./glipso examples/summing-range.glipso

#or

echo "(+ 1 2 3)" | ./glipso
```

## Roadmap

In no particular order:

* implement `map` and `filter` functions
* add function to create a lazy pair
* make list functions work on lazy, non-lazy and vector lists
* add initial set of functions written in Lisp, i.e. some kind of Prelude
* support some kind of HashMap datatype
* support for more datatypes, i.e. String, Decimal
* support functions such as `<`, `>` & `%`
